https://cakeallen.github.io/cart253/art-jam/

As I scrolled through the various art Jams, Daniel's art jam was the most unique project among the rest; it exceeded the expectations that this project sought to achieve. I was in disbelief viewing his project. It was crazy how he was able to create a full-fledged boss fight in p5.js, something I have never seen before. I was having a blast with the game. Seeing that he was able to make a health system for both the player and the boss was exciting, seeing a little animation in the eye when it got it was cool, just the whole aesthetic was amazing, up in the clouds, the sun shining as this divine being challenges the player to a battle. Really amazing work Daniel has done.



https://yelenaarakelian.github.io/cart253/topics/art-jam/


When I first viewed Yelena’s art jam, I was amused. It’s a simple self-portrait, but it was visually appealing; the colours were nice, the setting was calming, and the whole interaction was funny. Speaking of the interaction portion of her project, I enjoyed moving the cookie around and seeing how the mouth of the portrait got longer and longer. What really drew me in was the sound effects 1. The bee constantly buzzing around was really funny and realistic, given how bees are always flying around you in random succession. When I was scrolling through the section B links on Discord, I saw that she posted her project, saying that she added a GIF of the heavy from TF2 spinning, as well as saying “heavy from TF2 sound effect comes in when cookie cursor comes close to the mouth”. I was drawn in to what she said because Team Fortress 2 is one of my favourite games, and I was glad to know that someone else knew the existence of the game. So I went to check out her project, and she was not lying when you did, but the cookie near her mouth, the eating sounds were true, very funny, and very well done. 


https://emmettwalthers.github.io/cart253/Topics/art-jam/


Emmett’s art jam is simple but addictive. The eye movement is really interactive since both eyes are movable, but only when the mouse is near one of them, as the other eye stops moving until the mouse comes back to it, which can lead to a funny interaction you can have with them. The second addictive concept was hitting the eye. If you just hit it once, it barely turns red, but as you continue to hit the eye, the eye turns red over each hit, which is a cool feature to Another cool feature is when you stop hitting the eyes, they slowly fade back to their normal colour, which was an interesting and fun way to interact with. I'm glad he put in his art jam and to continue with the eyes once you do hit them, it plays Steve from Minecraft getting hurt, which i thought was funny. 
